docs: add model operator guides (#10770)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/launchpad-for-ai/set-the-default-model.md

---
sidebar_label: "Set the Default Model"
title: "Set the Default Model"
description:
  "Step-by-step guidance for platform operators on how to set the default model that handles unrouted requests on a
  running Launchpad for AI appliance."
hide_table_of_contents: false
sidebar_position: 16
tags: ["launchpad-for-ai", "models", "how-to"]
---

This guide explains how to set the default model on a running Launchpad for AI appliance. The default model is the model

> the appliance uses for requests that do not name a model. For how the appliance routes requests, refer to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to set the default model on a running Launchpad for AI appliance. If a request does not name a model, the appliance routes it to the default model. For how the appliance routes requests, refer to
```
